ECC-Eliza VERSION 3.65 http://www.ecceliza.cjb.net 
컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴 

     * GET THE NEWEST ECC-ELIZA VERSION: http://www.ecceliza.cjb.net *

Next ECC-Eliza version will be available in March, 2000.
Check out the above site to download it then. 

THIS PRORAM IS FOR AMUSEMENT PURPOSES ONLY! THIS IS NOT A REAL PSYCHOLOGIST,
AND SHOULD NOT BE TREATED AS ONE. FOR MORE INFORMATION VIEW "IMPORTANT REMARK"
TOPIC AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS TEXT.

Installation
컴컴컴컴컴컴
* It is really easy to install Eliza, this part is intended for newbies only.

Installing ECC-Eliza is very easy.
First, unzip ECCELIZA.ZIP (which you probably already did to read this).
Then, copy all the files which you unzipped to any directory, preferably
C:\ECCELIZA (in order to use PIF file). The only files that you actually need
to run ECC-Eliza are ECCELIZA.EXE and ELIZA.DAT, the other two are the help
file (this one), and a PIF file for running under Windows 95/98/2000.
After this, all you got to do is to make a shortcut for ECCELIZA.PIF on
your desktop or start menu. To make a shortcut on your desktop, right-click
anywhere on your background (not on any icon), choose "New" from the pop-up
menu and then click on Shortcut. Then, in the query prompt, type the
directory where ECCELIZA.PIF is, followed by ECCELIZA.PIF. For example:
C:\ECCELIZA\ECCELIZA.PIF. Click NEXT and follow the rest of the instructions
(if any). You can later change the icon. In case you install Eliza to another
directory, after selecting ECCELIZA.PIF Windows will tell you the directory
of ECCELIZA.EXE is invalid - in that case input the right location.
You are all set now. Just double click ECC-Eliza on the desktop.

Introduction
컴컴컴컴컴컴
Welcome to ECC-Eliza (Eden Comp-Company Eliza), one of the only AI
(Artificial Intelligence) programs which actually understand you and act
the most human-like. Today, in 1999, The Eden-Comp company is proud to
present to you an advanced AI program which is based on Eliza Turbo Pascal
from the early 90's. Eliza is an AI program which acts like a psychologist.
Many AI programs are named "Eliza" and they all have some things in common.
This version of Eliza is the orginial Turbo Pascal version with great
improvements to it's vocabulary and understanding of the patient's text.
Eliza works under virtual DOS (mode), and won't be a problem if working on
any version of Windows. It can run in real mode too (no Windows running),
and would actually run better, but the difference is small so it's up to you.
The included ECCELIZA.PIF file will allow you to run the program free of
problems when using Windows 9x/2000.
You may run that file under Windows to activate the program.

System Requirements
컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
Although Eliza is written in DOS, and has a simple GUI of casual text,
Eliza complies of sophisticated algorithms that require fast CPUs.
The main part where Eliza requires a fine processor is the loading part.
ECC-Eliza is designed work on every AT PC (286+) - but requires a
Pentium/60 or 486/DX4 for acceptable performance. Running Eliza on a 386 or
worse would be extremly slow and useless. ECC-Eliza runs much faster on
a Pentium II/450MHz than on a Pentium/166MHz. So you must use a Pentium
for it. As for other devices, Eliza doesn't require anything else.
RAM is essencial, but Eliza will quickly swap it's RAM data if it happens to
be full (this would not slow the program too badly).
These are all the requirements, unless you want to discuss 250KB of free HD,
EGA monitor, etc.
Note: You may notice that ECC-Eliza runs at different speeds under Windows.
This is caused by virtual mode. Sometimes Eliza will load very fast, this
is usually not good because Eliza didn't store many of it's settings in
the computer's memory. The results might be a little worse. In that case,
you may decide to restart Eliza.

Why speak to Eliza?
컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
Why, you ask yourself? It really isn't going to solve your problems, even
though it has a lot of intelligent sentences in many occasions, but the
main reason to speak with Eliza is to get excited about what a 250KB
program is capable of doing. Eliza handles your sentences really good.
I've met people who didn't at all get excited about AI programs, but thinking
of the fact that your purpose is to make a human out of a machine and
achieving what this program has achieved is really nice.
Eliza is intended for fun, even though she is far from being the most
interesting person (nor computer) to speak to. If you speak recently to Eliza
you will be amazed about the fact that the amount of sentences which Eliza
knows is simply incredible (you may speak to her for 13 hours with a unique
sentence each time, yet there will be many unique sentences to come).
                                                                                                         
How to speak to Eliza
컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
This short guide will explain to you how to communicate best with Eliza,
what to write to get the most of the program and the best possible replies.
Remember, although Eliza is supposed to be a psychologist, don't expect
the program to solve your problems, use this program more as a person to
speak to, but still remember that Eliza will oftenly ask you things about
your problems, and will not let you talk about her easily (since when does
the patient speak about it's doctor with it's doctor?). Eliza will try to
keep the conversation calm and will not be satisfyed if you speak about
things she doesn't like. Eliza might be "human-like" but she is a computer
and oftenly speaks about herself as a computer, so remember that she is much
more of a computer than a human (in the way of refering to herself).

How not to speak to Eliza
컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
The following paragraph reveals some interesting things about Eliza that
could ruin the fun out of it. Please skip it if you don't want to lose the
fun. If you skip it read the next paragraph after it ("Eliza would...").

Eliza is not a human, only a computerized program. Therefore, it only
understands what it has been taught, and that's really nothing compared to
a human, but even though Eliza doesn't understand a lot of what you say
(usually 30-40 percent of what you say), it will answer 98% of the time
appropriate answers and make you feel as if she understands everything you
say, thanks to the smart programming of this program. In addition, you should
note to yourself that Eliza understands each of your answers/quotes as a
seperate one and does not at all remember what you've written before.
There are a few exeptions to this. Eliza does know what attitude you had
towards her, and also knows what type of answers to expect from you.

Eliza would understand the user best if it doesn't do some things as:
- Type your words completely and without mistakes. Eliza will not interpret
  "becuase" as "because" and certainly not anything like "coz".
  Remember, speaking with Eliza is certainly NOT like an Internet chat,
  therefore be careful about your spelling and expressions.
- When using shortcuts such as don't, it's, etc. don't forget to use the
  ' sign. If you use the reverse one (`) it's also okay.
- Make sure everything you say is between 5-11 words.
  Too short quotes are not very good for Eliza, and too long ones would
  confuse the program sometimes, making answers not very relative.
- If you are not sure in the spelling of something don't write it.
  Eliza will not understand the word, and sometimes say unreasonable things.
- Have your quotes pretty much "summarized", and don't use many times words
  like: "like", "as", "what" in one sentence.
- Make sure your vocabulary is not too complex (too simple is okay).
- Eliza won't like it if you say bad words, repeat yourself too much,
  leave the prompt empty, etc. and may end the conversation due to that.

Even though Eliza has many limitations don't take them too seriously and
you could certainly speak natuarally and normally, but for best results use
these limitations.

Sentence Keywords
컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
Unless you look at the DAT file (not recommanded, but if you want to improve
the program), you will want to know a few of the keywords which Eliza puts
special attension into. It might ruin the fun, because it's more interesting
finding it out yourself. Eliza recognizes over 1670 keywords, some are of
the same catagory (e.g. HOW ARE YOU, HOW DO YOU DO, HOW'RE YOU, etc).
These are a very few of the keywords Eliza recognizes, but don't forget that
most of them are such as: ISN'T, WHO, WHY, I WAS, AM I, BECAUSE, YOURS, VERY,
YES, NOT REALLY, SORT OF, WHO CARES, I DON'T, MAYBE, A LOT, ALIKE, I NEED, etc.


SISTER           MUSIC           MOVIE           SAME           ELIZA
MONEY            ILLNESS         HEADACHE        SORRY          THANK YOU
BEATIFUL         NICE            UNHAPPY         SAD            ANGRY
KILL             SUICIDE         EXAM            SCHOOL         FRIEND
FEAR             DREAM           NIGHTMARE       CURIOSITY      AFRAID
SMART            CLEVER          STUPID          DUMB           FAMILY
FATHER           LOVE            BOYFRIEND       MARRIGE        SPORTS
WANTINGS         ANGRY           GOOD            BAD            ASTROLOGY

Those are about 2% of Eliza's recognizable keywords, try hundreds more.
Actually, the best way is not to test the program's strength and keywords,
the best way is to speak natuarally and get to understand and know Eliza's
capabilities in that way.

The Engine
컴컴컴컴컴
Exactly how the engine works is not important, and if you want to know more
you could check the data file (supplied with our notes), but if you want
to know some details about the capabilities - here they are:

- Understands: about 1500 words and 550 expressions (more than enough).
- Could say:   about 2820 permenant quotes (quotes that have no difference
  when they are said, like: "YES, I UNDERSTAND" will always be the same)
  and about 350 variable quotes (quotes that change upon your possible quote,
  for example: "BUT WHY DO YOU THINK I AM GREAT?" and
  "BUT WHY DO YOU THINK HE IS NOT VERY CLEVER?", only a part of those
  quotes is permanent, the rest depends on the conversation).
- Eliza also has about 300 quotes which do not appear in the data file,
  as they are part of the program itself. Such include greeting messages
  and many more.
- Eliza may say the user's name in over 350 different messages.
- The program has a few potencial answers for each quote (chose randomly),
  so answers won't be the same for all user quotes.

Known Bugs 
컴컴컴컴컴
Eliza is mostly programmed and tested on an antique Pentium MMX-150MHz, 32MB.
Eliza is occasionally tested on an IBM Pentium 450MHz, 64MB RAM.

There are a two known bugs and you should try to ignore them:

- The program sometimes answers with "ME" instead of "I" (very rare).
- Sometimes program misinterprets your keywords (e.g. You write:
  "WHAT IS THE TIME?" and the program answers "IS THERE ENOUGH TIME
  LEFT?" (this was fixed, but it's an example. rare).

Other AI Programs
컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
There are a few executable downloadable (non-internet) AI bot programs.
ECC-Eliza is the best psychologist program. Here are a few downloadable
and non-downloadable bots:

ALICE - A chatterbot, perhaps the best one in the world. This not a
        psychologist but it understands many things. Works as good as
        Eliza, written in AIML/Java. http://www.alicebot.org
        Includes open source code which is fully downloadable. 

ASK-ME - Or Dr. Maris. A very interesting AI program which had a totally
         different engine. It was written in QBASIC but then disappeared
         due to some virus. Version 2.20 was last released. If you happen
         to have it - please E-Mail it to me.

BRAIN - Another excellent chatterbot. Found on the net. http://orlo.emi.net

CLAUDE - An old chatterbot program. Has sentence models which are
         integrated with random nouns and verbs. Interesting.

DR. SBAITSO - A psychologist program packaged with the Sound Blaster 8 and
              is an okay AI Program which also talks with a mechanical voice.

ELIZA - Many versions of this early program, each one different.

NIALL - A 100% fully self learning bot. Not a very successful attempt in my
        opinion. Downloadable.

SHAMPAGE - Considered to be a very definable and smart Eliza-style bot,
           this one emulates a BBS sysop and works under BBSes. Downloadable.

A few bot-realated places on the web to visit are:

        www.botspot.com                        - Internet.com's bot site.
        www.student.toplinks.com/hp/sjlaven    - Includes bot downloads.

News and changes.
컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
Between version 2.27 and version 2.58:

- Eliza types in "typewriter" style.
- The "typewriter" style sometimes makes mistakes and deletes them!
- Eliza gets rid of most punctuation marks in your text (except for ').
- Eliza recognizes holidays and day time to greet you when you come and go!
- 36 New build in messages made, was 20 for each category in last version.
- Eliza has special exit messages in case you leave after less than 6 quotes!
- Eliza has a lots of new special keywords.
- Very improved keywords recognization.
- Fixed all response typos (were a few).
- Many minor additions and changes.

- New to version 2.58: Eliza may use "I'M" or "I AM", etc. for speaking.
                       This is chose randomly and also includes:
                       you are, am not, are not, etc.

- New to version 2.63: Added some Easter-Egg.
                       Added random quotes to repeatition, greetings and exits.
                       Fixed a bug which prevented some random quotes.
                       Added day-of-week for greeting and exit quotes.
                       A few minor additions.

- New to version 2.67: If Eliza's reply is too long ( > 79 chars), then it is
                       being sperated on a new line. Nicely done. This will
                       not work for next possible lines (3rd, 4th, etc).
                       Fixed a few allignment minor bugs.
                       Added some very minor features.

- New to version 2.69: Fixed bug from 2.67 - allignment problem.
  (WAS VERY BUGGY!)    Added new opening and ending statements.

- New to version 2.75: FIXED LOTS OF BUGS FROM VERSION 2.69.
                       This version was extremly buggy. The bugs were that
                       the program would not reply to the user many times.
                       It was hard to correct it without taking back the
                       updates I made to that version. Using the new
                       method it is impossible that the program will not
                       answer you. Anyways, this version is all fixed up.
                       If you have version 2.69 - switch it immediately
                       (even to a previous version) so you can enjoy
                       ECC-Eliza!

- New to version 2.82: Multiple replies on repeating and blank answers
                       bug from previous version - FIXED.
                       Program verifies if user wants to exit with 14
                       different random queries.
                       Exit can be done not only with "BYE" or "GOODBY".
                       Many other minor changes and additions.
                                                             
- New to version 2.84: Fixed some more allignment inconviniences.
                       Fixed up the code a little bit.

- New to version 2.88: The punctuation marks filtering works perfect!
                       No more extra spaces instead of filtered puncuation.
                       Question and exclamation marks appear right after
                       the text! No more seperating space(s).
                       Improved code.
                       Improved data file. More keywords and replies!

- New to version 2.89: Added total of 14 random queries for greetings,
                       exit queries and leavings.
                       Improved a bit of code.
                       Some minor changes.
                       Data file is getting very close to 100KB, probably
                       in next version!
                                           
- New to version 2.96: Eliza notifys you 33% of the times when your sentences
                       are not complete ( < 10 characters). There are over 30
                       different random quotes for that.
                       Lots of new random quotes for other scenarios.
                       Bar line to seperate between title and conversation.
                       Lots of new keywords and replies in data file.
                       Data file is over 100KB.
                       Lots of minor changes and additions.

- New to version 3.00: This version certainly deserved the number 3!
                       Lots of additions and changes to code.
                       Integration of user name. Program calls the user by
                       the name he/she enters. In the data file each time
                       character "|" is found it is automatically converted
                       to the user's name. User's name must only contain
                       alphabet letters!
                       "Analyzing..." message added when PC is processing.
                       The bar line is being animated at start.
                       Data file changed to contain the user's name.
                       Fixed many minor bugs.

- New to version 3.05: Lots of new build-in program messages (about 20).
                       User's name integrated in all types of build-in
                       messages: greeting, repeating, blank answers,
                       exit queries, goodbye messages, long-talk messages,
                       goodbye after a short conversation, and more!
                       Progress bar when program is loading.
                       The time of the day in the greeting may now be only
                       the weekday's name (14% chance unless special day).
                       A few additions and changes.
                       Bigger data file.
                       Some very small bug fixes.

- New to version 3.06: Some additions and changes in code.
                       My name (Eden Cohen) is encrypted, there is no way
                       to take it out. Bad news for hex hackers...

- New to version 3.16: Lots of visual changes!
                       From now on, the text in the new window scrolls,
                       but the window stays unchanged!
                       After first quote from Eliza (opening message), the
                       two upper lines become status lines which give the
                       user information about Eliza, version, author, date
                       and memory.
                       Lots of other visual enhancements!
                       Another bar line (in the bottom of the screen).
                       Fixed a few bugs.
                       Many other minor changes and additions.

- New to version 3.17: Fixed two totally different allignment problems.
                       One was from previous version, the other was old.
                       Fixed a bug where 2 messages would be displayed at
                       one time...

- New to version 3.20: The terminating message has been a little animated,
                       and appears in buttom of the screen.
                       Fixed a few bugs.
                       Realligned the status lines.
                       Total amount of queries was not updated at times,
                       but now it works perfectly.
                       Many changes in code.

- New to version 3.21: Both bar lines are drawed simultanously.

- New to version 3.22: After name query is made, it is deleted with animation.
                       The status lines also include the free disk space,
                       of the disk being used.
                       Buttom bar line had a color bug, now it is fixed.
                       Minor changes and additions.

- New to version 3.30: The user prompt has been changed. Once you get to a
                       new line you will always "land" on the 4th character.
                       It is now possible to edit previous lines (of the same input).
                       Many allignment changes and fixes.
                       Lots of bug fixes.
                       Many other changes and additions.
                       Since I've changed the program a lot with this version,
                       it is probably buggy.

- New to version 3.31: I did predict bugs and I soon found a pretty critical
                       one, yet this bug has been active since version 2.82,
                       and the previous 3.30 had nothing to do with it.
                       Anyways, the problem was that some strings would've
                       gotten there edge deleted (I'M BUSY => I'M BUS, etc).

- New to version 3.32: Added visual effect when exiting.
                       A few minor modifications and updates.

- New to version 3.34: Fixed a few bugs (not serious ones).
                       The date may be changed after the greeting.
                       For example: Greeting: GOOD AFTERNOON, I AM...
                       When exiting: BYE-BYE, HAVE A NICE FRIDAY...
                       A few other additions and changes.

- Version 3.40 Alpha : I have started making this version after 3.34.
                       The new addition was that Eliza would be able to solve
                       mathematical questions when they include an expression
                       and a few keywords Eliza would recognize ("WHAT IS",
                       "CALCULATE", etc). I had the full routine to do the
                       task of converting a string of a mathematical
                       expression to a real number (result). But, there were
                       some technical problems. At the end I gave up for it.
                       For your information, it would have added about 25K to
                       Eliza, that's a lot in precentage...

                       NOT RELEASED.

- New to version 3.35: Changed code. Splitted program into subprograms.
                       Added 7 random messages on different occasions.
                       Fixed a minor allignment problem.
                       A few other minor changes.

- New to version 3.36: Did you also notice that since version 3.30 typing
                       lower-case "z" was impossible?
                       No, it's not a keyboard failure (like I thought),
                       it simply is a bug which has been now fixed.
                       The ability to type some "un-necessary" like \,+,=,
                       etc. as been disabled.
                       Added some random messages.
                       Small changes to code.
                       Bigger data file.

- New to version 3.37: Data file was very enhanced, there were lots of
                       "stuck" keywords (which could not be reached due to
                       predecessing keywords (is there such word?)).
                       Many new keywords added.
                       Brief introduction and using notes for the data file
                       in the data file.
                       In case of improper data in data file, line number is
                       displayed.
                       Minor changes and additions.

- New to version 3.38: Some recognition bugs corrected. For example, because
                       Eliza filters punctuation marks, a reply such as "!!"
                       would be interpreted as nothing and then Eliza might
                       ask you why you just press Enter and ignore her.
                       It has been corrected and all the rest of such
                       problems. Also, if you repeat such a string as "!!",
                       it will not act as if you're repeating, it will ask
                       you to type a proper sentence, etc.

- New to version 3.40: Many minor changes and fixes.
                       New build-in comments for some occasions.
                       Loading process shows all the information as it
                       happens (next version will probably have an improved
                       loading screen).
                       Data file improved and optimized.
                       Eliza now recognizes weekends!
                       ELIZA NOW WORKS FLAWLESSLY ON PENTIUMS 233MHZ+ CPUs.

- New to version 3.42: Precentage of loading shown during process.
                       When quitting, it is now possible to restart Eliza
                       with a new patient (new conversation).
                       The allignment of Eliza's quotes had some bugs and
                       is now fixed up.
                       Many different changes and additions.
                       Some miscellaneous bug fixes.
                       Loading the program should take less time now.
                       More comprehensive and improved data file.

- New to version 3.46: This version was a pain in the ass for me, I had
                       to overcome many problems with Pascal while working
                       on the improved quit module which is written in
                       Pascal. It might look easy for you users, but Eliza
                       has TONS of "behind the scenes" work which is very
                       complicated, especially the Turbo Pascal part.
                       The language recognition part written mostly in C++
                       was fairly simple to improve, though.
                       And now to the new features:
                       - Enhanced start-up screen with ECC-Eliza ANSI.
                       - Allignment fixes and improvements.
                       - Many potential language bug fixes.
                       - A certainly improved prompt when quitting.
                       - It is now a little easier to quit.
                       - Lots of small modifications and additions.
                       - Much enhanced data file.

- New to version 3.47: Disabled ability to restart with a new patient after
                       you've decided to quit already.
                       Improved exit query animation.
                       Improved build-in vocabulary and data file.
                       Minor changes and additions.
                       A little big fix.

- New to version 3.50: THIS MILLENIUM VERSION HAS TONS OF NEW ENHANCEMENTS
                       If you bother Eliza (leave prompt empty, repeat too
                       much, write short quotes, say bad words, etc.)
                       it will get annoyed and may even end the conversation.
                       In addition, Eliza will warn you before it happens.
                       50 New build-in messages have been made for the above
                       occasions!
                       Special language recognition bug fixes.
                       Animated text has been given a new color effect.
                       Enhanced data file.
                       Many other additions and changes.

- New to version 3.50 second edition: Language recognition bug fix.
                                      Improved start-up screen.
                                      A little enhanced data file.

- New to version 3.53: - Now you can recall what keyword ECC-Eliza has
                         recognized in the patient's text and you can display
                         it with Eliza's reply by easily adding a backslash \
                         anywhere in Eliza's replys. I have took advantage of
                         it already and added many replys.
                         The displayed keyword's pronouns will be reversed
                         (if the keyword is "I AM" it will be "YOU ARE", etc).
                       - Enhanced data file.
                       - Greatly improved language processing methods.
                       - Optimized code.
                       - A few bug fixes (not major ones).
                       - A few little additions and mostly changes.

- New to version 3.65: - Round numbers will are now converted to words.
                         For example: 20000 = TWENTY THOUSAND, etc.
                       - Enhanced data file with many new keywords & replys.
                         Topics include:
                                        psychologic & psychiatric terms
                                        more problems
                                        many people asked for it, so: sex.
                                        basic patterns
                                        prejudice, racism
                                        and much more
                         Data file has increased in 15KB.
                       - Language manipulation bug fixes.
                       - Many language enhancements and tweaks.
                       - More build-in welcome quotes.
                       - Eliza may now recall the day information which is
                         weekday/time of day/holiday etc. in the data file.
                         This is done using the ^ character.
                       - User's name must follow basic english rules.
                         Example: DFGSD and AUE will not be accepted.
                       - Improper inputs will not be recognized.
                         Eliza has 42 new build-in messages for such
                         improper inputs.
                         Improper inputs include replys with very long
                         words (18 letters or more), a key being repeated
                         many times in a row, or words that do not follow
                         the English rules. Eliza may get upset about such
                         replies, and end the conversation.
                       - Bug 2K fix. V3.53 would not work when the day
                         of the month was 1 to 6 of the year 2000.
                         This has been fixed.
                       - Many other additions and changes.

Still to come
컴컴컴컴컴컴
On the next versions (after 3.65), you may expect:

        - Conversations with Eliza will be automatically logged in a HISTORY
          folder, in ascending file names.
        - When typing "HELP", this help file will be displayed in a nice
          text viewer (it will take time).
        - One more allignment improvement.
        - More new visual effects.
        - Better language recognition (of course)
        - And many more.
       
If you find a bug
컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
In case you find a bug, please make sure to check if it also happens on the
newest version of Eliza. If so, contact me quickly and tell me the exact
conversation and where the bug appears. Also, tell me technical information
about your computer (I don't mean your BIOS date nor the amount of jumpers
on your sound card). Thank you. My E-Mail is below written.
* Technical information is not needed on language recognition bugs.

TO GET THE LATEST AVAILABLE VERSION OF ECC-ELIZA FREE E-MAIL TO:

                       ultimate@internet-zahav.net

STATE YOUR CURRENT VERSION SO THAT I WON'T E-MAIL YOU WHAT YOU MIGHT
ALREADY HAVE.

You may also E-Mail me if you want to get a specific version of Eliza.

There were lots of versions of ECC-Eliza, many of them I've deleted.
The ones I didn't delete and I have are:

1.00, 2.15, 2.20, 2.27, 2.56, 2.63, 2.67, 2.69, 2.75, 2.82, 2.84, 2.88, 2.89,
2.96, 3.00, 3.05, 3.06, 3.16, 3.17, 3.20, 3.21, 3.22, 3.30, 3.31, 3.32, 3.34,
3.35, 3.36, 3.37, 3.38, 3.40, 3.42, 3.46, 3.47, 3.50, 3.50 (second edition),
3.53, 3.65.

You may also E-Mail me suggestions for program improvements (realistic ones,
I cannot convert it to Windows 9x/2K, etc). I will also be happy to get an
improvement of the Data file that you made. If it works well (better than
before), please E-Mail me ONLY the new keywords and replys - not the whole
data file and I will improve the existing data file with it.

DATA FILE NOTE: I didn't save the data file for versions 2.15 to 2.89.
For those versions I can give the latest version of data file which is not
the same for version 3.00 due to the name addition. That data file is the
one from version 2.96. In addition to that, I also have the original
data file for version 1.00. Versions 3 and up now have another data file
which supports the new name extension (from version 3). The previous versions
will display "|" each place the user's name should be written.
In addition, I sometimes delete parts of the data file from version to
version. This is done because some parts are FULLY useless. I promise you
that the deleted parts have no importance for the program (they only waste
a few bytes and may bring up bad replies).
If ECC-Eliza's data file is not in the directory of ECCELIZA.EXE, a runtime
error will prevent the user from running it.

Registration
컴컴컴컴컴컴
ECC-Eliza is freeware. Yet, you may register in order to get your own
personalized version without my name at all (if you're interested).
The personalized version contains your name and whatever special features
you want me to add to that.
You may also send me any amount of money you're interested in (E-Mail me
to get the address), in order to motivate me into improving ECC-Eliza.
You may E-Mail to: ultimate@internet-zahav.net, for any of these reasons.
But don't worry - ECC-Eliza is completely free and may be passed on freely,
you may use it for any amount of time - just do not modify it without my
permission.

Thank you.

Comments
컴컴컴컴
Any comments, suggestions or ideas? That's good.

You could E-mail the Eden-Comp Company at: ultimate@internet-zahav.net

or visit our homepage at: http://www.ecceliza.cjb.net 


IMPORTANT REMARK
컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
Many people have been noting me about it and I would like to make it clear
that ECC-Eliza is made for entertainment purposes only, and emulates a
psychologist. By no means shall you refer to it as a real psychologist or
psychiatrist. I am not responsible for any mental and/or physical disorder
caused as a result of obeying to Eliza or using Eliza in any way.
USE ECC-ELIZA AT YOUR OWN RISK!
I AM NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PROBLEMS OF ANY TYPE CAUSED BY IT.

